Add subheadings to "Background" sections (#1729)
act-rules/act-rules.github.io: _rules/html-page-title-descriptive-c4a8a4.md

## Assumptions

- This rule assumes that the language of each test target can be correctly determined (either programmatically or by analyzing the content), and sufficiently understood.

> - This rule is testing Technique G88: Providing descriptive titles for Web pages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Don't think this one is an assumption, and, since it is covered in the Bibliography, I suggest we just remove it from here.

The [HTML specification - The `title` element](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/#the-title-element) requires that a document only has one `title` element, and that it is a child of the `head` element of a document. However, current HTML specification also describes what should happen in case of multiple titles, and titles outside the `head` element. Because of this, neither of these validation issues causes a conformance problem for WCAG.

### Related rules

- [HTML page has non-empty title](https://act-rules.github.io/rules/2779a5)

### Bibliography

- [Understanding Success Criterion 2.4.2: Page titled](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Understanding/page-titled.html)

> ### Assumptions

Reviewer: Not sure where this came from, but I don't think we have an Assumptions sub heading in the Background. 
We could keep the links to G88 and H25 in the Bibliography, and move the last sentence ("A prerequisite...") to the main background section.

Reviewer 2: This was from a change request from @Jym77.

What is the consensus here?

Reviewer 3: https://github.com/act-rules/act-rules.github.io/pull/1729#discussion_r742777198
Should be under the (existing) `## Assumptions` heading, not under a new `## Background > ### Assumptions` one.

Reviewer: I agree with @Jym77's suggestion. Move the assumptions to the existing heading, and keep the links to the related techniques under the bibliography heading.

Reviewer 2: Updated

### Bibliography

- [Understanding Success Criterion 2.4.2: Page titled](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Understanding/page-titled.html)

### Assumptions

- This rule is testing [Technique G88: Providing descriptive titles for Web pages](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Techniques/general/G88)

> - A prerequisite for this rule is that [Technique H25: Providing a title using the title element](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Techniques/html/H25) is used for living up to 2.4.2 Page Titled

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This rule is testing [Technique G88: Providing descriptive titles for Web pages](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Techniques/general/G88)

### Bibliography

- [Understanding Success Criterion 2.4.2: Page titled](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Understanding/page-titled.html)
```
The full
```
### Assumptions

- A prerequisite for this rule is that [Technique H25: Providing a title using the title element](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Techniques/html/H25) is used for living up to 2.4.2 Page Titled
```
bit should be moved as an actual Assumption under the `## Assumptions` heading (just after the Expectations).
